Hello, YouTube.
Hello, Brian Okken and Brian Skin.
>> Hey.
>> Hello.
Great to have you both here.
Everyone watching on the live stream, I can see you there.
Thank you for showing up.
Feel free to put in comments like always.
Let's kick this off.
Hello, and welcome to Python Bytes, where we deliver Python news and headlines directly to your earbuds.
episode 279 recorded on lucky April 13th, 2022. I'm Michael Kennedy.
>> Brian Ochen. >> Brian Skinn.
>> Hello, Brian's. Great to have you. >> Hello, singular Michael.
>> Great Brian's think alike. >> That's right. That's the saying.
Brian Skinn, welcome. It's great to have you here. You were now completing the trifecta of podcasts,
I understand. Yes, indeed. I was on a panel for talk Python and an episode of testing code a little
while back and excited to be here for a Python bites. Yeah, nice. You've been a big contributor
in terms of sending topics our way. So it's only fitting that you're here. Tell people real quick
about yourself before we jump into the topics. Sure. I'm a chemical engineer by training. I'm
not actually a software dev by day. I have a PhD in chemical engineering. I've been working for the
of the last 10 years or so at a company here in Dayton, Ohio,
Faraday Technology, working on electrochemical process R&D.
So there's a lot of science there, some programming,
mostly for data analysis, things like that.
But I also have done quite a bit of Python
on the side in the documentation area
and various things like that.
So Alex?
ALEX LANGSHUR: Chemical engineering is pretty awesome.
And it's great to have someone here who's not
a straight software developer.
We get a lot of myopic views.
and I think you'll have some interesting perspectives.
- Hope so.
- Yeah, I hope so as well, I'm sure.
Now, before we kick this off,
I wanna say this episode is brought to you by Datadog.
Check them out at pythonbytes.fm/datadog.
We'll talk more about them later.
Right now, Brian, maybe we could talk about f-strings.
What do you think?
- Yeah, I mean, I love f-strings.
Use them all the time, but I was like,
really thought it was cool.
There were a couple of new resources
that I kind of wish I had had earlier.
This one, a couple, they're new.
So we've got from Florian Bruin,
and he's, he's hugely helpful to,
to getting, doing the code review
or book review and code review
and all that stuff on the pytest book.
So I definitely want to shout out to him for,
thank him for doing that.
But so he generated this, this Python f-strings.
It's called fstrings.help.
And it's just like, it's a Jupyter notebook looking thing.
I think he created it with Jupyter Notebook,
but it just quickly goes through
all of the formatting stuff of f-strings.
And there's a little bit of explanation,
but it just sort of exactly shows you,
you know, what the syntax is and what the output is
really concisely.
This is a nice run through of the F string features.
- Yeah, that's cool.
It looks like if you were trying to either learn
Python strings or trying to help someone learn
Python strings, you could just send them this and go,
here, scan this, you'll be good to go.
- What I like about it is just the terse-ness as well.
So this is a decent reference to bookmark
for looking things up.
The other thing I wanted to point out was an article
called Python f-strings are more powerful
than you might think.
And that's exactly kind of the gist of it.
It's more discussion.
I mean, it does sort of tell you what they are,
but it kind of assumes you already know.
But some really cool things like date and time formatting,
have using it for debugging with variable names.
We've talked about that on the show,
making advantage, taking advantage
of string representations.
There's even embedded,
I didn't know you could put f-strings inside of f-strings.
So there's part nested f-strings, they call it.
So interesting stuff.
Yes.
- So, yes. - Nested f-strings,
I had no idea.
- I didn't either.
- I've totally done that before.
- Really? - Totally.
Yeah, templating one thing
to then template into another thing.
Absolutely, it's super helpful.
- Okay.
- Very cool. - Nice.
So, yeah, a couple-- - Yeah, it's easy to forget
that you can apply the standard,
I guess, string.format type of operators,
like colon, point three F,
or colon, comma to put digit grouping,
but in f-strings, right?
it's, I don't know, it feels more like you're working with a variable than you are with a format
character. I mean short examples like this of here's a cool thing you can do with, you know,
even a well-established basic feature like that can really help people go, oh hey, that's just
what I need and run with it. Yeah, yeah, very nice. Oh, this is great, Brian. I love it. Now,
are we ready to move on? Yeah, definitely. All right, I kind of want to blow your mind with this
thing here. You've probably heard about Bloomberg terminals. So if you're in an investment space,
like if you work at a hedge fund or an investment company, especially in Manhattan, you know,
you'll sit down, you'll see like these six monitor crazy setups that would make gamers jealous,
you know, around them, you know, look at what is going on here. And one of the tools they use a
a lot, it's a thing called the Bloomberg terminal that lets them look at all kinds of different
visualizations and real time instant updating things around the stock market and whatnot.
That is a commercial product project that best I can tell, I mean, there's probably
discounts or whatever, but it costs around $2,000 per user per month, which is a non
trivial amount of
That's a ton cost, right?
I mean, no wonder we're all getting like little percentages of money sucked out of our 401k
retirements because all those people are like paying that much money to like manage our
platform tools.
Yeah, exactly.
So I want to introduce you all to Open BB at Open BB.co.
This is the equivalent thing, but several interesting aspects.
One, it's open source.
Two, it's free.
Not necessarily the most important thing, but it also gives you access to all sorts
of tools that we know and love from Python, especially on the data science side.
So this OpenBB thing is this terminal type thing you can install.
It's really got this sort of weird blend of like CLI.
I know Will McGugan would be super impressed
with all of its like terminal UI, its TUI aspects,
but then it also pops open interactive windows
that are like graphs and all those kinds of things.
We'll pull up some examples in a minute.
So you get access, it's not just that it's free,
but you get access to all the Python data science stack.
And it is itself created in Python.
So pretty cool.
It's pretty popular, it's got 11,000 GitHub stars.
And what you do is you show up at this terminal
and there's even an interactive live version.
You can have dark mode or not dark mode turned on
on the website.
I mean, I love it.
This is really a polished thing.
And you can type things like stocks.
You could spell stocks, you could type stocks.
And it'll come up with all these ways
that you could explore them.
As you could type BA and it'll come and give you
these things.
And eventually if you get to the right spot,
it doesn't happen on the website,
but it'll pop up these extra windows
that then like let you explore things with graphs and so on.
So very, very cool.
Let's pull up some of the terminal things here
and look at the features.
Where are the features?
So you can install it through its own installer.
You can install it through Anaconda
or you can run a Docker image of it to get it to run.
So it's sort of summary is Python-based integrated
environment for investing research that
leverages state-of-the-art data science tools and machine
learning technology.
Then navigate through over 500 different views
and functionality.
So here's some of the pictures that we can look at.
If you go to the product terminal and just scroll down,
you can have these really cool graphs
of significant events happening along here
and extra information.
You can look at basically an Excel view.
You can look at 3D volatility sections.
You can look at sentiment analysis here.
The Bitcoin rainbow chart.
I don't know how to read rainbow charts,
but isn't this an amazing view
for something that runs in the terminal?
- Yeah, this is great.
- That's astonishing.
- Yeah, it really is pretty astonishing.
And like the things just keep coming.
So if you just keep scrolling through this,
there's stuff to wait to like to understand
how is the economy doing,
apply AI predictions to like GDP
and all sorts of wild stuff.
So it's this really crazy blend of
terminal 2e plus pop open a bunch of data science
explorations and then being Python,
I'm sure you can explore it yourself.
I looked at the requirements file,
it's like maxed on requirements in there.
(laughing)
but I think it's based on Tornado, as far as I can tell.
So, and-- - But--
- Yeah. - Go ahead.
- Will points out it also uses Rich.
- Yeah, well, it uses Rich.
Very cool, thanks. - Very cool.
And tested with pytest.
- Oh my goodness, yeah, so that's awesome.
Anyway, I am super impressed with this.
It's an open source project based on Python
for democratizing a lot of these things.
And if that wasn't enough,
I think here's one more sort of side story
that I think is interesting.
So I'm sure you two have seen,
you go, it's not as common as it used to be,
but you go to some open source project or some application
and says, buy us a coffee,
help make that next feature happen.
This one has a different banner at the top
of instead of coffee.
It says, we've just landed our $8.5 million seed funding
round and we're about ready to get started.
I mean, that's some kind of crushing it
for open source, isn't it?
- Yeah, definitely.
- That's a lot of coffee.
- That is a, they're gonna be so jittery.
(laughing)
- Just like the stock prices.
- Exactly.
(laughing)
Oh no, no, that's just me.
It's actually very still.
- Maybe that's why stocks go up and down so much.
(laughing)
- Too many traders and too much coffee.
- That's probably actually true.
Anyway, I think this is a really cool Python application.
It looks well done and it looks pretty modern.
And yeah, it just looks like a neat way
to apply some data science to investing.
- Do you have a sense of the learning curve?
Like, is it mainly pointed at, you know,
directed at investment professionals
or is there an on-ramp for casual use?
- If you look at their description,
it does seem to be focused on casual,
sort of a casual use case here.
Where, let me see, it says a terminal built
by the community, shape our taste.
Where did I see this?
I can't remember where I ran across it,
but they do talk about sort of like individual investors
getting access to the tools that the companies,
the people at the big banks and hedge funds would have.
So it does sort of seem to be aimed at that.
My experience is it's pretty easy to use.
I don't know it's easy to understand the output, right?
That's more of us investing economics problem though.
- That's a perpetual problem, yeah.
- Yeah, indeed.
All right, well, people can check this out if
It sounds interesting to them.
BrightSkin, what you got for us?
- So my first item is PyProject.toml and pep621
for project metadata and PyProject.toml
coming to setup tools.
So, people in Python land are gonna be pretty well familiar
with PyProject.toml at this point.
Originally was the pep517 and pep518,
that created it and started the basics there
And then you had black doing project configuration in there.
And it's kind of been slowly snowballing
over the past few years.
And one of the big pushes of PEP 621,
who's who of Python packaging authors here
was trying to standardize project metadata
and also standardize it in a way
that the metadata could be specified statically
because that for things to get uploaded to PyPI,
if you wanna have information about dependencies
or various other things like that.
If you have the metadata specified statically,
it's much easier to get to, you can trust it more.
And so the PEP, it's defining how to put project metadata
in pyproject.toml, how to tell the build tools
like build or flit, what is a static defined
in declaratively in the metadata and what's dynamic
that is gonna be provided dynamically later on.
And a number of tools had implemented
PyProject Automal support, things like flit, hatch, PDM,
not poetry yet, though they're discussing it,
but setup tools was still missing it.
It's been an issue on the setup tools
GitHub tracker for a while,
and with a lot of discussion there
about what it would take to bring it in.
One of the big appeals of moving to this
for setup tools specifically,
there'd been the move from to try to bring static metadata
in the setup.cfg, but there's some,
you know, in that discussion, there's some, you know,
problems with the INI format because it's not structured.
It doesn't have good, like, complex data type support.
- Right, nesting embedded things don't work so well.
- Yeah, you know, like, there's no,
INI has no sense of an array.
So if you had a setup.cfg with an array in it,
setup tools actually had to take that
as a string representation of an array
and then arrayify it by executing it basically,
instead of the toml where it actually knows it
as an array in a table.
But in any event, Anderson Bravel Harry has,
just within the last month or so,
I think it was, finished an experimental implementation
of PEP 621 in setup tools.
There was a discuss thread seeking feedback
from the community, try it out, report bugs.
I tried it on one of my projects and it mostly worked.
I actually turned up a bug that Anderson fixed super quickly
where I do dynamic long description,
which turns into the readme for the PyPI page.
- Do you mean you read it out of like a text file
or something?
- Well, so what I have is I've got documentation links
in my readme that point into like the main branch.
But when I do a build to PyPI to do a release,
I want it to point to an archival version of the docs
on read the docs.
And so I dynamically do a replace on the docs branch
for those links.
- Well, aren't you a special butterfly?
- I have complicated needs.
It's, I'm sorry.
But, you know, so I, you know, I have that set up
and it broke and I reported it and he fixed it.
So as far as I can tell, you know, it's, it may be,
it may be experimental and it probably will change,
especially some of the issues around specifying
dynamic metadata.
But it's at least working reasonably.
And so check it out.
If you're using setup tools, take a look at switching over
to that.
He made a tool that can convert setup.cfg to pyproject.toml.
The project is ini2toml.
And there's some others.
You can check the show notes.
I've got a number of things listed there.
Yeah, very cool.
I suspect that INI to TOML might be more generally useful,
actually.
I think that's why he titled it that way, instead of setup.cfg
to TOML or whatever.
Right.
So--
Cool.
Yeah, this is great.
More progress on the highproject.toml stuff.
Definitely.
Very cool.
Now, before we move on, let me tell you
all about our sponsor this week, Datadog.
They've been supporting the show for a really, really long time.
Datadog is great.
They have a real-time monitoring platform that unifies metrics,
traces, and logs into one integrated system.
Their APM empowers developers and teams to identify anomalies
and resolve issues and improve application performance.
So you can begin collecting stack traces and visualizing them as flame graphs
and organizing them into profile types such as CPU or I/O types of reports.
Teams can search for specific profiles
and correlate them into distributed traces
and identify slow or underperforming code
for later analysis and optimization.
And with Datadog's APM Live Search,
you can perform searches across the full stream
of ingest traces of your app over the last 15 minutes.
Like, I need to figure out what the database is doing
and the API and the front end and all those things.
So try them for free with a 14-day free trial
and Datadog will send you a free t-shirt.
So just check them out and support the show
by visiting pythonbytes.fm/datadog,
or just click the link in your podcast player show notes
to get started.
- Nice.
- Indeed.
All right.
Brian, what do you got next?
- I've got Git.
So this isn't necessarily Python only related,
but I use Git a lot,
and I didn't know you could do autocorrect with Git.
So this is Wayland Walker,
and I think he's been,
submitted other things to us on the show.
But he wrote this article called configure Git
to autocorrect your fat fingers,
or just your sloppy typing.
So there's this, like, let's say you do a git checkout dev,
but you spell checkout C-H-E-K-O-U-T and misspell it.
Well, Git will like tell you that you did it wrong
and it guesses what you meant and tells you,
So this is a similar command as this,
but there's a configuration option that I didn't know about
called help.autocorrect that you can set a timeout
and it just automatically runs the command
it thinks you want it.
So I'm playing with it
and so far it hasn't got anything wrong.
So you can, I've set it to one second also,
but you can set it to things like 10 seconds
or I don't know why you want 10.
- Did you mean RM-RF?
(laughing)
Applying.
- Just get commands.
It's not everything.
- Formatting hard drive.
- Get reset --hard.
- Oh yeah.
That one actually would be kind of destructive.
- That would be bad.
- But I, so I realized that I added this to my workflow
but I realized that I hadn't really talked
about my workflow at all on my blog.
So I went ahead and just showed the things
that I do normally for a quick change.
I usually check out main, do a poll,
then create a branch with checkout-b.
And then I commit,
I usually do commit-a-m with a message.
I wanna talk about that one a little bit, the -a,
and then also push because I want that to be faster.
So the -a, what that does is,
that push, anyway, I got these backwards.
Anyway, the dash A will just say,
instead of having to stage a file or add them.
So normally you have to add your changes
and then you commit them.
But I just wanna,
usually just wanna commit everything that I've changed
or deleted also, if I delete something,
I want that to change.
So the dash A does that.
I just learned about that recently.
- Oh, interesting.
So you can basically skip the git add dot.
- Yeah.
- Or something equivalent to that,
or the git add filenames.
- Right, and they add dot is a little dangerous
because it'll add everything, the unstaged stuff too.
So if you have temporary files or just play,
you know, you get a test file or a goofy file
that you're just playing out with.
I don't wanna add that stuff.
I intentionally add things that I want,
or I mean, add, what's the other one?
You know, uncommitted things,
I don't usually wanna add that.
So the dash A is nice that it doesn't do that.
And then the last thing that I did
was the global, there's another configuration change
of global push.default current.
So weird, but what this does is that the current,
there's a bunch of values for that.
I'm gonna have a link to the other show notes
and the other, the documentation
about all the different values in the show notes.
But I like current because what that says
is the branch that I'm using, branch name I'm using now,
just make that the one on online.
So if you do or upstream, if you don't do that, it says,
oh, there's no upstream named this branch
and you have to do this.
I'm like, okay.
And you can do it with push.
You can do a dash U in push to make it automatically do that
but it's just for both.
And I always wanted to do that.
So anyway, that's my new Git workflow for simple stuff.
- I love it.
It's very nice.
- Yeah, I really like that current.
having to do all that extra typing, even with auto complete is just annoying.
Yeah. So Brian S, it sounds like you use get a lot. What's your view of source control from a
chemical engineer perspective, like in that ecosystem and that environment,
how do people view this kind of stuff? They don't.
Basically, I mean, you know, anyone who's who's familiar with it, with the development,
much development probably uses it some.
Actually, there's a 3D physics modeling,
multi-physics modeling tool, CalmSol,
that just added a source control-like feature into it.
So it's starting, you know, the data reproducibility
and the history tracking has started
to become more of a thing.
But yeah, it's very often the, you know,
V2, V3, 2020--
- V3, V3. - Final.
- Final, final, final.
Yeah. So I mean, I have blog posts churning about strategies for version control on data
analysis code because of the reproducibility and needing to track environments precisely
for reproducibility at a point in the past and tagging commits for, just like, oh, this,
Basically, every time I run the code,
I need to know what the state of it was.
And the tooling is not that great for doing that.
At least I haven't found much.
So it's still evolving, I think.
Indeed.
OK, cool.
Alvaro points out at work that they
have a project with 6,000 lines in an INI final
that INI to TOML might be just what they need.
That sounds like a lot.
You definitely have to--
you have to proof them afterwards because you know,
there may be some stuff that doesn't translate cleanly,
but yeah.
- Yeah, we need a TML to INI and you can round trip it
and it's the same, then you're good to go.
(both laughing)
- Yeah, I don't know if that'll work.
- Keep your sanity, yeah.
All right, this next one's a quick one for me,
but it'll be useful for people
who are working with JSON web tokens.
So JSON web tokens are a thing that you can exchange
with maybe a distributed login system.
So instead of using like an API key
that you just pass around all the time,
you could say, I'm going to either share a certificate
or somehow log into some other system
and I'll get back this token that I can share on
to other places to communicate who I am,
communicate what roles or permissions
I should be granted and so on.
So if you work in that world,
you work in a world of dealing with cryptographic signatures
and picky algorithms and stuff like that.
So I just wanted to give a shout out to JWT.io.
So this is a place that allows you to decode,
verify and debug JWTs, which is pretty cool.
So you come down here and what you do is you put in
some encoded token and you say which algorithm
of the encryption algorithms are using.
And then what pops out is the separated JSON result
that says, here's the header.
It says what algorithm and what type it is,
what version of JWT and so on.
And then what the actual data was,
like this person is a subscriber, their name is John Doe.
Shouldn't scroll it 'cause it doesn't seem to work.
And then here's like the signature
and whether or not the signature was verified
and stuff like that.
So I think that's pretty cool.
you can hit share JWT and it'll just copy that
when you get sitting along.
But anyway, I think if you're working with the stuff,
this might be pretty handy.
And while you're at it, there's somewhere in here,
the libraries, you can say, see the JWT libraries.
And let me make that smaller-ish.
So the way it shows, it's a little bit weird.
It has the technology and then a whole bunch of checklists.
And if you way go down to the bottom,
you can see the actual package name.
So like there's a bunch of .NET ones here.
Don't care about those,
but the Python ones are down here
and says who's created them, right?
Like CMO Source or Michael Davis.
And then this one's called Python Jose JW Crypto or PyJW.
And it shows you which algorithms are supported
and how it works and so on.
So I think this is pretty cool
if you're gonna work with these things.
What do you all think?
- I don't have a lot of expertise with authentication
and tokens of this sort.
How is this different from something like Macaroons
where it's more like a advanced cookie?
Is this separate from the browser or?
- This is done in several ways, I think.
So you can go like to a federated identity provider.
So something like Auth0
or Microsoft Azure Active Directory or something like that.
Or you can have your own identity provider
from like identity servers, like one of these implementations
and basically it allows you to do single sign-on
and federated sign-on across different platforms
without just taking and using straight cookies.
So it works both for APIs and for other types of app.
You can do it within an app or with an API.
So like, if I call an API, if I log in with me
and I call an API and I wanna communicate
onto my identity, onto the APIs that API is calling.
It's like those kinds of sort of more complicated scenarios.
Yeah.
- Gotcha.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, JWT.io, check it out.
What do you got, Brian's again?
- Okay, for my second item,
I'm gonna appreciate the opportunity,
Michael and Brian Okken,
to do a little bit of self-promotion.
I have a new project I'm calling Jupyter TempVars.
So one of the really powerful things about,
you know, Jupyter notebooks are great.
You can do a whole lot with them.
They're obviously being used everywhere,
data science, scientific analysis.
And one of the features of at least the Python kernel
of Jupyter is that you have a global namespace
that you work in.
And this really adds to the power of it in some ways
because everything you do in the notebook flows
from one cell to another.
You don't have to worry about shuttling things
back and forth.
But as has come up countless times here and elsewhere,
you have namespace contamination problems
where you accidentally assign something in one cell
and then you fuck on yourself
because either you use something and have a typo
and accidentally use something from another cell
or something's lingering on
and you have the same variable name in multiple cells
and all of a sudden your analysis behaves funny
or it's not reproducible or you close down for the day
and start back up and the whole worksheet blows up.
And so what I've put together is a notebook extension for Jupyter.
It's based upon another library of mine, tempvars,
which I need to freshen a bit.
But this is a front-end extension for Jupyter.
And so what the underlying library does is you import from tempvars,
you import the capital tempvars context manager.
Then I'll just define a variable here.
And then in this cell, I've got, as a context manager, tempvars.
And I declare to it, all right, anything--
this syntax says anything that starts with T underscore
is going to be treated as a temporary variable.
And so when I run this, the first line just checks to see
if T underscore A is in the namespace,
and it's not because it's inside the temporary variables context.
Then I assign it, and indeed, it assigns.
And then when I pop out the back end,
the previous value five is now restored to it.
So what this does is it makes sure that you don't have
contamination coming into the cell and anything you do in
here is reverted to the prior state out the back end.
>> That's cool.
>> Yeah. So that's using the underlying library.
But what I did is like, "Okay, fine,
it works but you have to have this whole thing
that you type out and it's cumbersome."
So what the Jupyter extension does is it lets you,
you can turn on this toolbar for tags for each cell.
And then if you define, go away.
Then if you define a tag with this syntax,
you can also do a temp vars end,
but here temp vars start T underscore.
Now this variable will automatically be treated
as a temporary variable.
It's no longer in the namespace when you execute the cell.
And what it's doing behind the scenes
is it's actually taking the code,
patching the execute functionality for the cell
and wrapping it in a TempVars context manager
behind the scenes, so that anything you use in here,
T_ is a temporary variable.
You don't have to worry about it getting contamination
from the rest of the namespace.
And then just like the other, it--
- So there, yeah.
- Yeah.
So it's brand new, 0.1 is out on PyPI.
The readme is in order to satisfy the audience here,
I have animated GIFs galore.
- Those screenshots on a UI tool, I love it.
- Yeah, and animated to boot.
So, README has the user's instructions.
It's on PyPI, just a pip install Jupyter temp files.
And then I have a shortcut script
to actually install the extension
into your Jupyter environment.
I have a number of features that could be added to it,
different things that the underlying library
could have added to it.
But I'd really love it if anybody who is intrigued
would try it out, find and report bugs,
suggest features that you want.
Because it's a small thing, but it can be a big problem.
And if this could be at least a partial or substantial solution
for people, that would be awesome.
Yeah, nice work.
This looks great.
Those are good.
Yeah, the problem of having variables
shared across those things when you didn't intend them to be,
so tricky in so many ways.
I mean, Jupyter cells are like go-to statements
with no traceability, right?
'Cause you could run them down,
then you could go back and run the one in the middle again,
and then you could go run another,
like you need to have,
except for just a little in and out numbering,
like you have no idea the order they ran.
- Yeah, notebook hygiene is really tricky, and yeah.
- Brian, I'm not gonna feel like I cut you off,
we can say something.
- Oh, just, he commented that to satisfy us,
he's got, or the entire Python community
is gonna be animated, yes.
But to be fair, it's not just technical books and read-me's.
I don't use cookbooks that don't have pictures either.
So--
Yeah, that sounds good.
I do read novels that don't have pictures,
so it's not everything.
I thought the point there was the pictures in your head.
I really hate the graphical novels that don't have
pictures.
Those are the worst.
They're the worst.
All right, real-time follow-up.
Brandon Brainer, former co-host here,
says, this is talking about going back to YJWT
over something like cookies.
So imagine having something like auto zero,
when you log, maybe off zero,
when you log in, it gives you back this JWT,
which has a timeout, the front end has this,
it can send it to your API,
and then also it has the signature
that verifies it wasn't tampered with.
And you can verify the sender
because you can decrypt it and stuff like that.
- Okay, better chain of custody.
Okay.
- All that tricky cryptography stuff.
Speaking of other things, extra things,
you guys got some extras we should cover?
- I have a few actually, some quick ones.
- All right, bring it on.
- So we've got GitHub issues are finally live.
So there are Python issues are now on GitHub.
- We didn't jinx it this time.
- It really is there.
So enough said.
I was, you know, I've used lorem ipsum before.
I think everybody doing front end stuff has,
but I didn't know there's a,
there's a cool page like loremipsum.com
that has some, a translation.
So you can read what it means,
at least a 1500s, 1914 translation.
So it's sort of an interesting read.
I won't get into it here,
but it's worth a read if you're curious.
And then one of the things we do sometimes at the end
funny stuff. And one of the things we've covered is various O'Reilly covers. So I found this
Dev2 O'Reilly cover generator. I didn't know where it was. Somebody had it.
Oh, nice.
And you can just make up your own. So I made one up, passed it around last night. So it's
kind of a fun thing.
Yeah. I pulled that from the show notes and passed it on to my friends and they have run
with it. They're delighted.
[LAUGHTER]
>> You're going to test with no asserts.
At least CI is happy.
[LAUGHTER]
>> So anyway.
>> This is awesome.
>> How about you?
Got any extras?
>> I have a few.
Now, your mention made me add a third one, or another one,
rather.
Let's go here.
So hipster ipsum.
[LAUGHTER]
If you just need a little more pizzazz in that lorem ipsum,
You don't want people asking questions.
This is a hipsteripsum@hipsum.co.
This is a generator.
You can give it your flavor.
So you can go over here and say like,
how many paragraphs?
We only need two paragraphs.
And hipster neat, or you can do it with a shot of Latin.
- Nice.
- And it starts out with,
I'm baby, gentrified, tumbler, butcher,
cronut, succulents,
poor local subway,
tile food truck, letterpress,
- Tote bag, tofu.
- Doesn't flow quite the same as the Latin, but it works.
- Yeah, exactly.
You got the fashion X and all that.
So anyway, that one's kind of fun.
More seriously, quick shout out,
worked with Christos Meskis
from the Microsoft Identity Team, speaking of JWTs.
And he and I just put together a course,
Secure APIs with FastAPI
in the Microsoft Identity Platform.
So people can check that out if they wanna do JWT
and other types of federated identity with FastAPI.
That's a fun course we just launched yesterday.
- Nice, cool.
- Yeah, thanks.
And then a quick shout out,
Seth sent over this thing called
Python Virtual ENV for Windows Sorta-ish.
And it's this idea to bring some of the
pyenv virtual environment features to Windows.
I haven't really played with this,
but trying, I guess some of the features there
for the virtual environments don't work on Windows,
but his plugin script does, you can check that out,
which I think will be helpful for some people,
for the Windows people.
That's it for my items. Brian Skin, do you have anything
you want to share as well?
Yep, I've got a few quick ones.
First of all, as many probably know,
Eva stepped down, Jalaska stepped down
as the Executive Director of the PSF,
I believe it was at the end of last year.
PSF has found their new executive director,
Deb Nicholson, so woo!
Congratulations to all there.
PSF-- - And congratulations.
- So, and more generally, PSF has been hiring lately.
Last year, there was the packaging project manager,
Shamika Mohanan, there's the--
- And the development residents.
- Absolutely.
They also, there was a posting for an infrastructure
engineer to assist with the facilities
that the link now 404s, so maybe they've made their hire.
I don't know, but the posting was there and now it's not.
And then actually in the steering council notes
released for March, there is beginnings of discussion
about hiring a second developer in residence,
which would be terrific.
So.
- Yeah, it seems like it's been a big success.
So getting someone to help Lukasz out
would be really great.
- Definitely.
Two more quick things.
one, Pi Ohio, the regional Ohio conference, the call for
proposals is open, it's going to be a fully virtual conference
again this year. So anybody who is interested, submit, submit,
submit.
Nice.
And then and then one interesting tidbit relevant to
you, we have to talk about Pydantic at least once I think,
right, along with Anthony Shaw and, and Will McGugan. This was
a couple of days ago, Samuel Colvin of Pydantic fame posted
this somewhat cryptic tweet here showing over a tenfold increase
in speed for some sort of Pydantic features here.
So I don't believe this has actually dropped yet.
This is all I know, but this looks pretty exciting.
>> A magical Pydantic core is coming.
>> Yes.
>> Cool. I have no idea what it is, but very exciting.
>> But I want one.
(laughing)
- Maybe it's the pedantic pony.
- The pedantic unicorn.
No, that's great.
(laughing)
All right, I got no more extras, but I have some jokes.
- Yay.
- Bring 'em.
- All right, I think this first one
might be from you, Brian Skin, is that right?
- Yeah, I can't--
- You wanna tell us this joke here?
- Yeah, so it's a riff off of the various elements
of a business enterprise trying to bring a product
to a customer that's what they actually want.
You know, with the tree and the swing
and the armchair swing and the swing with no ropes
and that this one is more cat directed
and the left panel says product features
and it shows this really nice multi-level cat tower
with beds and scratching posts and, you know,
very attractive and on the right it says user needs
and it has a cat peeking up out of a cardboard box.
- Exactly.
Slightly over-designed would you say?
- Just a bit.
And I think there was somebody responded to that.
There was a tweet lower down saying,
"This is exactly my life.
I have an untouched cat tree in the corner
and all the cat sits in is the box."
So.
- This is also true for children.
A lot of times the box is the best part.
- Definitely.
- All right, I brought two more for us
just because they're both, they're all short
and I thought this would be fun.
So here's one that says,
"Junior developer, how did you find the bug so fast?"
And it has the senior developer
is a sort of lion meme. I was there when it was written.
Lion witch in the wardrobe reference there, I think.
I think so. All right. And then this one really, I really appreciate this one. So there's two
sort of time lapse Google search pages with text overlaid on it. And it says 831
C++ hello world 833 alternatives to see
And of course is complete with the top std colon colon c out less than less than hello world less than less than standard out
Colon end out, you know
the formal C++ style like
However
Yeah. Hello C++. Hello world alternatives to C++
I'll just leave it with that, you guys.
- I had one semester of C++ in college
and I don't miss the compiler errors at all.
- No, yeah, C++ is some wild stuff.
I used to work in it,
I did a couple of years of professional C++
and it was okay, but a lot of craziness.
- Yeah, you don't have to use the crazy parts though.
So, at least in the embedded world,
we use, it's C++,
but we just selectively use the cool features.
mostly it looks like C. Yeah, I think C++ is getting a big update as well, isn't it? I think
there's there's regular updates. There's so many new things coming on. It was fairly stagnant for
like decades. Yeah. And then, but in the last 10 years, there's been a lot of new changes.
I feel like I've read people griping that they're making C++ too much like Python or something,
adding. I don't know exactly what that means, but, you know,
We propose taking away the semi-colons.
What?
[LAUGHTER]
Too much.
I can definitely get rid of the curly brackets.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
There's a lot of parentheses when
you don't really need them.
All right, well, Brian Okken, thank you as always.
And Brian Skinn, thanks for being here.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Thanks for having me.
You bet.
Bye, everyone.
Bye.